and Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah
and Ahab told Jezebel all that Elijah had done also how he had executed all
had done also how he had executed all
had done also how he had executed all the prophets with the sword then Jezebel
the prophets with the sword then Jezebel
the prophets with the sword then Jezebel sent a messenger to Elijah so let the
sent a messenger to Elijah so let the
sent a messenger to Elijah so let the gods do to me and more also if I do not
gods do to me and more also if I do not
gods do to me and more also if I do not make your life as the life of one of
make your life as the life of one of
make your life as the life of one of them by tomorrow about this time and
them by tomorrow about this time and
them by tomorrow about this time and when he saw that he arose and ran for
when he saw that he arose and ran for
when he saw that he arose and ran for his life and went to Beersheba
his life and went to Beersheba
his life and went to Beersheba which belongs to Judah and left his
which belongs to Judah and left his
which belongs to Judah and left his servant there but he himself went a
servant there but he himself went a
servant there but he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness and
day's journey into the wilderness and
day's journey into the wilderness and came and sat down under a broom tree and
came and sat down under a broom tree and
came and sat down under a broom tree and he prayed that he might die
he prayed that he might die
he prayed that he might die and it's enough now Lord take my life I
and it's enough now Lord take my life I
and it's enough now Lord take my life I am no better than my father's
am no better than my father's
am no better than my father's then as he lay and slept under a broom
then as he lay and slept under a broom
then as he lay and slept under a broom tree suddenly an angel touched him arise
tree suddenly an angel touched him arise
tree suddenly an angel touched him arise and eat then he looked and there by his
and eat then he looked and there by his
and eat then he looked and there by his head was a cake baked on coals and a jar
head was a cake baked on coals and a jar
head was a cake baked on coals and a jar of water so he ate and drank and laid
of water so he ate and drank and laid
of water so he ate and drank and laid down again and the angel of the Lord
down again and the angel of the Lord
down again and the angel of the Lord came back the second time and touched
came back the second time and touched
came back the second time and touched him and sadly her eyes need because the
him and sadly her eyes need because the
him and sadly her eyes need because the journey is too great for you so he arose
journey is too great for you so he arose
journey is too great for you so he arose and ate and drank and he went in the
and ate and drank and he went in the
and ate and drank and he went in the strength of that food forty days and
strength of that food forty days and
strength of that food forty days and forty nights
forty nights
forty nights as far as her wrath the mountain of God
as far as her wrath the mountain of God
as far as her wrath the mountain of God and there he went into a cave and spent
and there he went into a cave and spent
and there he went into a cave and spent the night in that place and behold the
the night in that place and behold the
the night in that place and behold the word of the Lord came to him what are
word of the Lord came to him what are
word of the Lord came to him what are you doing here enlarged
you doing here enlarged
you doing here enlarged I have been very zealous for the Lord
I have been very zealous for the Lord
I have been very zealous for the Lord God of hosts for the children of Israel
God of hosts for the children of Israel
God of hosts for the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant torn down
have forsaken your covenant torn down
have forsaken your covenant torn down your altars and killed your prophets
your altars and killed your prophets
your altars and killed your prophets with the sword I alone have left and
with the sword I alone have left and
with the sword I alone have left and they seek to take my life go out and
they seek to take my life go out and
they seek to take my life go out and stand on the mountain before the Lord
stand on the mountain before the Lord
stand on the mountain before the Lord and behold the Lord passed by and a
and behold the Lord passed by and a
and behold the Lord passed by and a great and strong wind tore into the
great and strong wind tore into the
great and strong wind tore into the mountains and broke the rocks in pieces
mountains and broke the rocks in pieces
mountains and broke the rocks in pieces before the Lord
but the Lord was not in the wind and
but the Lord was not in the wind and after the wind and earthquake
the Lord was not an earthly and after
the Lord was not an earthly and after the earthquake a fire the Lord was not
the earthquake a fire the Lord was not
the earthquake a fire the Lord was not in the fire and after the fire a still
in the fire and after the fire a still
in the fire and after the fire a still small verse
small verse
small verse so it was an Elijah heard it that he
so it was an Elijah heard it that he
so it was an Elijah heard it that he wrapped his face in his mantle and went
wrapped his face in his mantle and went
wrapped his face in his mantle and went out and stood in the entrance of the
out and stood in the entrance of the
out and stood in the entrance of the cave suddenly a voice came to him
cave suddenly a voice came to him
cave suddenly a voice came to him [Music]
[Music]
[Music] what are you doing here
what are you doing here
what are you doing here [Music]
[Music]
[Music] I have been very Seles for the Lord God
I have been very Seles for the Lord God
I have been very Seles for the Lord God of hosts because the children of Israel
of hosts because the children of Israel
of hosts because the children of Israel have was sake in your covenant torn down
have was sake in your covenant torn down
have was sake in your covenant torn down your altars and killed your prophets
your altars and killed your prophets
your altars and killed your prophets with the sword I alone am left and they
with the sword I alone am left and they
with the sword I alone am left and they seek to take my life go return on your
seek to take my life go return on your
seek to take my life go return on your way to the wilderness of Damascus and
way to the wilderness of Damascus and
way to the wilderness of Damascus and when you arrive anoint Hazael as king of
when you arrive anoint Hazael as king of
when you arrive anoint Hazael as king of a city also you shall anoint ji-hyun the
a city also you shall anoint ji-hyun the
a city also you shall anoint ji-hyun the son of nimshi as king over israel and
son of nimshi as king over israel and
son of nimshi as king over israel and elisha the son of shaphat of abel Mahalo
elisha the son of shaphat of abel Mahalo
elisha the son of shaphat of abel Mahalo you shall anoint his prophet in your
you shall anoint his prophet in your
you shall anoint his prophet in your place it shall be that whoever escapes
place it shall be that whoever escapes
place it shall be that whoever escapes the sword of has a G you will kill and
the sword of has a G you will kill and
the sword of has a G you will kill and whoever escapes the sword of Jehu Elijah
whoever escapes the sword of Jehu Elijah
whoever escapes the sword of Jehu Elijah will kill yet I have reserved seven
will kill yet I have reserved seven
will kill yet I have reserved seven thousand in Israel all whose knees have
thousand in Israel all whose knees have
thousand in Israel all whose knees have not bowed to ban and every month that
not bowed to ban and every month that
not bowed to ban and every month that has not kissed
so he departed from there and found
so he departed from there and found elisha the son of shaphat who was
elisha the son of shaphat who was
elisha the son of shaphat who was plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before
plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before
plowing with twelve yoke of oxen before him and he was with the twelve
him and he was with the twelve
him and he was with the twelve then Elijah passed by him and threw his
then Elijah passed by him and threw his
then Elijah passed by him and threw his mantle on him and he left the oxen and
mantle on him and he left the oxen and
mantle on him and he left the oxen and ran after Elijah please let me kiss my
ran after Elijah please let me kiss my
ran after Elijah please let me kiss my father and my mother and then I will
father and my mother and then I will
father and my mother and then I will follow you go back again for what have I
follow you go back again for what have I
follow you go back again for what have I done to you so Elijah turned back from
done to you so Elijah turned back from
done to you so Elijah turned back from him and took a yoke of oxen and
him and took a yoke of oxen and
him and took a yoke of oxen and slaughtered them and boiled their flesh
slaughtered them and boiled their flesh
slaughtered them and boiled their flesh using the auxins equipment and gave it
using the auxins equipment and gave it
using the auxins equipment and gave it to the people and they ate then he arose
to the people and they ate then he arose
to the people and they ate then he arose and followed Elijah and became his
and followed Elijah and became his
and followed Elijah and became his servant
servant
servant [Music]